you have the punys yes which i feel like
bred out of conversations uh
observations with your
with your girls oh yeah 100 uh maybe
even their little cousins
tell me how did it happen for you
because i would imagine a podcast uh
uh was a natural fit but not the first
thought no
not the first thought but you know it's
like you know as a parent you try to
figure out ways to teach children
without being preachy
you know because like me my kids just
tuned me out after a while yeah dad yeah
no we know y'all work hard yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah you know hit me with
that right right
and so you want to stay away from the
yeah yeah yeah syndromes you know
um and so i was inspired by the sandlot
i was inspired by the peanuts which are
both family traditions
for us you know for july we always watch
the same livestream you're
sandler fourth of july every fourth of
july barbecue burgers
watch the sand lot what's the line give
me your go-to line
uh i have one i'm putting you on the
spot
yeah yeah you had a couple good ones
yeah yeah yeah yeah
uh the great bambino
the sultan of swat right yeah but my
wife hits me a lot but she tells me all
the time she goes you're killing me
you're killing this mom she helps me
with that all the time if i you know if
i try to take a picture
right you know you know i get uh-huh you
know take a picture i should show the
picture she's just like
you're killing me you're killing me
killing me small you get no you get no
play
yeah no zero so sandlot and then
the peanuts okay and i was thinking okay
well we need some more content like that
we need sports content and then when i
watched the peanuts it was like oh i'm
gonna just combine those two things
and i already had um bibi's character bb
lebel
already written out i created a bunch of
short stories for her
and then i had puny pete written out i
created a bunch of short stories for him
as independent characters right
and then it just hit me just to put them
together and
create this series and i was thinking
like an animated series
um but then it kind of struck me that
podcast is probably the best space to do
that
um because we can play the children's
imaginations because it's something that
like in kids content everything is
generally spelled out for
you know we tend to go for really short
form content because we believe kids
don't have the attention span to sit
there for long periods of time
and i just don't believe that to be true
yeah so i figured the best way to do
that is to anchor it in sports
yeah because even if you're listening on
the radio right if i if you have a
character that you're kind of connected
with already we gotta do that quickly
right and then you say okay it's the
bottom of the ninth inning
you know two outs man on third they
can't see it
done got you you want to know what's
gonna happen yeah yeah right so that's
the hook
and you have two announcers that are the
lens into the world they're providing
all the details they're setting the
stakes and their banter back and forth
and that's how it came to be and so at
any point were you like
i'm kobe bryant basketball legend
now podcast producer i mean were you
ever like is this really is this me
or were you like no let's try it no no
because i've always been a kid at heart
like always you know disney um
harry potter i mean i've always been a
kid at heart and i think it's important
to not lose that
we spoke to that a lot of deer
basketball with glenn and john williams
is that
the hardest thing we can do as people is
as we grow older
to protect and to keep that childlike
innocence yeah
we have to fight for that and um
and i haven't still have a childlike
imagination man so i was really really
excited
my biggest fear was like man is this i
hope this thing doesn't suck
you know because you know it's there
like when you play sports you play
basketball like this thing doesn't
seriously like you play basketball the
ball goes in the hoop you don't win or
you don't
right right like it's it's not
objectivity yes man so with this i'm
sitting there and i'm laughing i'm like
am i the only one that's gonna be like
this stuff like this
did you play it for your girls did you
play i did i did and they loved it right
so i feel better i feel better
and i go down and lay down you know they
go to sleep at night i'm like did they
gass me up though maybe they're the only
ones that don't enjoy it though
man i gotta go back and check it again
let me re-edit and i'm gonna say no i
think this is
this is okay right is it nah this is the
best we can do so
just send it out so what did did did the
emmy the oscar
did that give you some confidence i
would imagine that that would give you
no
none no because every project's new yeah
you know what i mean so it's like you
know
we do dear basketball and now here
you're on to the next project and what
we did in their basketball can't help
you here
right no yeah it's a whole different
thing yeah yeah it becomes even worse
all right you
want an oscar but this podcast maybe you
should stick to the animated shorts yeah
just do that
well i i know you got a book coming out
mambo mentality
mamba mentality where you talk about
your approach your
training um your thought mentality
to in basketball but that the mamba
mentality kind of started like a hashtag
yeah yeah how did that become now
like i mean it's like an alter ego it's
like an extension of you yeah social
media man it's just kind of they took it
and just ran with it
and uh it became something a lot bigger
than i ever anticipated it being in
terms of
um somewhat of an ideology
of how to live yeah and constant
curiosity and
and uh how would you define mamba well
uh mamba himself that the character for
mama was
to help me get into character for when i
played basketball
you know because there's a difference
between kobe the person and then kobe
when i was
performing you know at home i could be a
human jungle gym with my kids
and be a teddy bear but now when i step
into staples center i gotta lock in
right and the mama mentality became
something of a philosophy to live by
like in everything that you do be
present
what i am doing at this moment is the
most important thing i'm doing at this
moment in time
when you have that understanding uh
you create things with great care yeah
we create things with great care they
tend to have great quality
kobe your whole energy just shifted
yeah when i mentioned mamba that's crazy
i think about i mean you what you say is
is serious for you that's not just
something you're
it's not a character you're putting on
that's not a sales gimmick like that's
actually
just to mention that for you you hold
your energy in a different space you you
talk different the whole deal yeah no
it's
it's i lock in you know and it's it's
certainly there for us
like when i played it was here but even
now
get into the studio when we get into
writing we get to editing
it's the same shift yeah you have to pay
attention to every little beat
you know the space between words right
what's the rhythm what's the cadence of
the podcast
right and you got to go back and review
things over and over
so you make sure things on the ear
aren't catching if something's catching
oh something's wrong so every little
beat when the music starts when it ends
you know every little cue and and that's
what mamba mentality is
is to really approach things with great
great great care you surprised me in the
book i mean you go from i mean
everything from your relationships to
refs and conversations and your approach
there
to tap dancing yeah to help with the
ankle injury yes
first for folks that don't know tap
dancing
yeah tap dancing i still have my tap
dance shoes i bet you do i do
i do but it's important to think outside
the box right there there are a lot of
things in different disciplines
different industries that we can utilize
and we can learn from
right it's important to not to not limit
ourselves
not limit our ability to learn yeah and
so i was having
severe ankle trauma this is after the
indiana finals my ankle was tortoise
shreds
and so the conventional way of
strengthening the ankle was fine but it
was only hitting
uh the the maximum areas it wasn't
hitting the little intrinsic muscles in
the feet that i
need needed to work on and i was doing
research and tap dan's like tap dancing
that has to me that's the best way to
strengthen your feet yeah okay why
wouldn't do you think
well i mean you know it's you know
research you say i sit at home and i
obsessively research all about this
stuff and i'm like what's up
yeah that was it and so when people look
at you like um
or they already know once you're in that
zone well no because that wasn't really
known about me back then i was only 22
years old
right so when i went into the dance
studio and i had my tap dancer shoes
it's all these like little kids like 10
year old kids
they're like mommy he's really tall he
goes that's kobe bryant what is he doing
are you tap dancing i'm like i'm tap
dancing you're not a tap dance i said i
didn't say that
i'm here to learn i say that but i'm
here to learn i'm here to learn
just like everybody here i'm i'm here to
learn but those little 10 year old kids
like
what i'm saying
it was the most frustrating thing ever
because mentally i'm telling myself i'm
telling okay my feet are gonna do this
[Music]
you